Events/2017-18/Mar22 RaspberryPi/Details.md, before:

# Introduction to RaspberryPi and its applcations in IoT

**Date**: March 22, 2018  
**Time**: 2.15 PM IST onwards  
**Venue**: E3-303C  

## Pre-requisites
Basic knowledge on:
- Linux
- SSH
- IP

## Speakers

[Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2000) - @sjha20000

## About speaker

Sahil Jha is the speaker for the event. His interests include Internet of Things and game development. 
He has developed a game for android devices called [CubeBox](https://github.com/sjha2000/CubeBox). His various projects in IoT include smart speaker 
and home automation devices. 

## About event

During the event, Sahil Jha and Vipul Goyal introduced the audience with Raspberry Pi and its application in IoT.
Such applications helped the audience realise how amazing it is to see that only a few years back, it was virtually 
impossible for someone to have access to actual hardware to run IoT solutions. Solutions, that are cheap and 
reasonably-sized equipment that you culd easily deploy in a house, a car, or anywhere else. Nowadays, platforms 
like Arduino, mbed, BeagleBone and Raspberry Pi are providing IoT developers with a wide ecosystem of hardware that 
can be used to easily prototype and even go to production for small batches.

Audience was guided through writing code for Raspberry Pi from the basics to the demonstrations on the projects:
- Giving variable and digital output through touch sensor via LED lights,
- Switched controller buzzer, and
- Output via humidity and temperature sensors

## Resources
- [Link to slides]()

Commit message:

Update RaspberryPi event details
- Update in about event
- Add the link to slides

Events/2017-18/Mar22 RaspberryPi/Details.md, after:

# Introduction to RaspberryPi and its applcations in IoT

**Date**: March 22, 2018  
**Time**: 2.15 PM IST onwards  
**Venue**: E3-303C  

## Pre-requisites
Basic knowledge on:
- Linux
- SSH
- IP

## Speakers

[Sahil Jha](https://github.com/sjha2000) - @sjha20000

## About speaker

Sahil Jha is the speaker for the event. His interests include Internet of Things and game development. 
He has developed a game for android devices called [CubeBox](https://github.com/sjha2000/CubeBox). His various projects in IoT include smart speaker and home automation devices. 

## Resources
- [Link to slides](https://goo.gl/RXa4qC)
- [Poster](https://github.com/asetalias/Logistics-and-Event-Contributions/Events/2017-18/Mar22%20RaspberryPi/poster.jpg) by [Tanya Jain](https://github.com/Tanya-Jain)

## About event

The event commenced with Sahil Jha and Vipul Goyal introducing the audience with Raspberry Pi and its application in IoT. Such applications helped the audience realise how amazing it is to see that only a few years back, it was virtually impossible for someone to have access to actual hardware to run IoT solutions. Solutions that are cheap and 
reasonably-sized equipment that one shall easily deploy in a house, a car, or anywhere else. Nowadays, platforms 
like Arduino, mbed, BeagleBone and Raspberry Pi are providing IoT developers with a wide ecosystem of hardware that 
can be used to easily prototype and even go to production for small batches.

The event progressed from the basic on hardware and middleware components upto the sub components being microprocessors, single board computers (SBCs), sensors and peripherals for wireless connectivity. Sahil explained how SBCs are powerful and of multi-purpose while microprocessors being single-purpose are cheap yet efficient. The discussion later went on towards the explanation how SBCs and microprocessors manage to communicate with our sensors, and hence talking about its GPIO. 

Before moving on to the practical work, Sahil introduced the enthralled audience to the basics of electronics that would ad in using RaspberryPi as a component in IoT. The speaker explained and exhbited breadboard, jumper wires, rotatory encoders, potentiometers, servos, and resistors. Audience was guided through writing code for Raspberry Pi from the basics to the demonstrations on the projects:
- Giving variable and digital output through touch sensor via LED lights,
- Switched controller buzzer, and
- Output via humidity and temperature sensors
